{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 DATA:\
\
Each file contains a matrix M, which corresponds to the data of one participant. There were 24 participants in the first experiment; 24 participants in the second experiment; 30 participants in the third experiment; 20 participants in the fourth experiment.\
\
In the matrix M, each line corresponds to one trial. Each column refers to:\
\
- column 1: the session number. Each experiment contains different sessions, with 4 blocks corresponding to the 4 experimental conditions. Participants had a break between each session.\
\
- column 2: the condition number. Conditions 1 and 2 correspond to high-reward blocks (reward probabilities were 90% and 60% for the two symbols). Conditions 3 and 4 correspond to low-reward blocks (reward probabilities were 40% and 10%). In the first experiment, conditions 1 and 3 correspond to blocks with only free-choice trials, while in conditions 2 and 4 free- and forced-choice trials were intermixed within the block. In the second experiment, conditions 1 and 3 correspond to trials in which only the factual outcome was shown, while both the factual and counterfactual outcomes were shown in conditions 2 and 4.\
\
- column 3: the trial number within a block, e.g. 1 corresponds to the first trial of a block, the trial in which the participants sees a given pair of symbols for the first time.\
\
- column 4: the outcome of the best rewarded stimulus. The outcomes could either be +1 or -1. \'ab\'a00\'a0\'bb indicates that the trial was a forced-choice trial - the best rewarded symbol was not shown to the participant in this trial.\
\
- column 5: the outcome of the least rewarded symbol. The outcomes could either be 1 (the participant wins one point) or -1 (the participant lost one point). "0" indicates that the trial was a forced-choice trial, and that the least rewarded symbol was not shown to the participant in this trial.\
\
- column 6: the participant's choice. "1" indicates that the participant has chosen the best rewarded symbol, and "0" that she has chosen the least rewarded symbol.\
\
- column 7: whether the trial was a free choice (1) or a forced choice (0). For experiment 4, this column indicates whether the trial was a "go" (-1) or a "no-go" (1) trial. \
\
- column 8: the reaction time for selecting the symbol\
\
- column 9: the reaction time for confirming the outcome (see experimental protocol).}